Backlog
-------



ToolTip Use Cases:
    o  Experiment name search have tool tip.
    o  Copy link has tool tip.
    o  Tooltips on Experiments|Reagents|Plates
    o  Info icon needs tooltip.
    o  The format icon needs a tooltip.
    o  Hover over a line needs a tooltip.

Pop Up Use Cases :
    o  Plates and Pools pop up "this feature coming soon".

Removing Cosmetics:
    *  Info icon doesn't need "info" written after it.
    *  The format icon doesn't need the word "Format" next to it.
    *  'Plate1' doesn't need the "Plate Name" label.
    *  The plate viz doesn't need the titles: "Plate Visualisation" and "User
   Selection"
    *  Remove Designed by label/field.
    *  Experiment name field need not be preceded by the "Experiment" label.

Cosmetic Changes/Additions:
    o  Put in an image and title in banner strip.
    *  Change "Copy" to "Save As".
    *  Copy link (all links) in universal link colour (from Bootstrap theme).
    x  Change Experiment|Reagents|Plates to Reagents|Plates|Pools
        xx- Need Home button on other pages then -xx
    x  Banner strip could be thinner to take up less room while remaining
       commanding.
       xx- Room For Improvement , Banner is now a navBar -xx
    *  Type your rules here and the down pointing finger should come after the info
   icon, and have the finger to the right of the words.
    x  Change the format icon to the right-justify icon because the current one
   implies not formatting but a menu.
        xx- Current one is "fa-align-justify" icon , also we aren't performing right align -xx
    *  Hover over a line should be "Hover over an <A> or <T> line.
    x  The plate viz needs the rows / cols decorated with numbers /
   letters.
        xx- Although this is acheived , Not quite comfortable with the logic used
         we are trying to achieve a graph on html table-xx
    *  Personally, I don't like the choice of <HOL> highlighting. I think we should
   avoid using or introducing colour for this. Because I'd like to keep the
   colouring of lines only significant for the tide-mark from the first error
   onward.  Maybe enboldening, or a background or a border.
   *  Error reporting in script (ERIS) - I still like the idea of showing all the
   ok lines in black, and the first error line ,and all subsequent, greyed-out.
   x  ERIS - display in plate viz as well as sad face - "Cannot show plate
   visualisation while there are errors in your rules script".
   xx-Cannot display plate viz while error as the error response nullifies allocation data and lnum data
      without which table visualizations aren't a possiblity -xx
   x  Consider using Bootstrap Wells to delineate and group the major areas of the
   screen.
   xx-bootstrap wells are depreciated ,but I got your point-xx
   o  On may browser config and default zoom, the text editor is not wide enough
   and the transfer rule wraps.
   o  On may browser config and default zoom, the "contents of" area disappears
   off the bottom. Need to brainstorm best answer to this.


Vue Changes :
    *  Experiment name search offer choices from database.
    *  Experiment name field match that loaded - inlcuded at startup.
    x  Load reference experiment from db at boot time.
        xx-The app by default loads exp No 1-xx
    o  Info icon should bring up example script.
    o  The example experiment shown on help, should be the reference experiment
   from the database, so that as we evolve the language, and update the
   reference experiment, so the help example changes with it.

Vuex change:
    o  At boot time the app should load the most recently viewed experiment when
   there is one, otherwise the reference experiment from the db.

DOM and JS Changes:
    o  The hovering over a line <HOL> target zone doesn't seem quite right.
    Particularly as you travel up the page?
    o  Rule Hover highlight and table viz corresponding should evaporate if you're not
       still hovering.
    *  Well hover highlight and well contents should evaporate if you're not
       still hovering.
    *  Hover over a well <HOW> report wraps the reagent segment.

Vanilla JS Changes(external js files):
    *  Auto format should leave comment lines alone
    o  Auto complete while suggestions are up, seems to freeze saving sometimes.
    o  Auto complete how is position of pop up resilient?
    o  Auto complete, once you select something, the pop up stays up, and it
       doesn't trigger a save?
    o  Auto save - I reckon we could set the time a tiny bit quicker?

Existing Features:
    o  Make sure the config of the front end to let it switch between dev mode
       and deployed mode - follows 12-factor principles. Probably means using
       environmen tvariables.
    x  Update developer docs for front end.
        xx-need more clarity on this ,existing docs will enable anyone to deploy the app-xx
    *  Legal reagent names from database rather than hard coded (if not already)
    *  Legal unit names from database rather than hard coded (if not already)

Deployment Checks:
    o  Make sure we have a deployable front end by testing it properly deployed.


BUGS:
    o  Bug (I think back-end - if you type just "A TC" into a line it says
   "Field number 3 (Columns specification is missing. Line <x>